feat: Aioeks website (#772)
awslabs/data-on-eks: website/docs/ai/infrastructure/infrastructure.md

# Introduction

The AIoEKS foundational infrastructure lives in the `ai-ml/infrastructure` directory. This directory contains the base infrastructure and all its modules that allow composing an environment that supports experimentation, AI/ML training, LLM inference, model tracking, and more. 

> In the directory is a `variables.tf` which contains all the variables used for the modules and sets them all to `false`. This enables the ability to deploy an empty environment with Karpenter and GPU and AWS Neuron node pools to enable accelerator utilization for advanced customization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the directory is a `variables.tf` which contains all the parameters used to enable or disable desired modules (set to `false` by default). This enables the ability to deploy an bare environment with Karpenter and GPU and AWS Neuron nodepools to enable accelerator use and for further customization.
```

> The reference `jark-stack` deploys an environment that facilitates quick AI/ML development by enabling Jupyterhub for experimentation, the KubeRay operator for training and inference, and Argo Workflows for pipelining as well as the various storage controllers and volumes. This allows deploying the `notebooks`, `training`, and `inference` blueprints in the `gen-ai` folder.   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The reference `jark-stack` deploys an environment that facilitates quick AI/ML development by enabling Jupyterhub for experimentation, the KubeRay operator for training and inference using [Ray Clusters](https://docs.ray.io/en/latest/cluster/getting-started.html), and Argo Workflows for automating workflows and storage controllers and volumes. This allows deploying the `notebooks`, `training`, and `inference` blueprints in the `gen-ai` folder.   
```
